Roberto
I was a subletting from this young couple in Queens.
Everything was going decently well other than over hearing a
few verbal fights between them.
Then one day I get a call from the girls
sister asking when I was going to be back at
the apartment because both of my roommates were in jail.
Long story short it turned out that she assaulted him
and he defended himself then they both called the cops on each other.
(gasp) The cops came quickly and they forgot that they
had left a POUND of weed out in the open.
They used my security deposit on bail and the girl
apparently snapped and had a mental breakdown of some sort.
She accused me of being a cop because on my
license I used to live on a street that ended with Court.
So she apparently thought I lived in a courthouse or some shit.
I noped out as soon as I could and found
my own place.
NOTE end of file